Have you ever dreamt of growing a
YouTube channel in a business, but
there's just something stopping you from
doing it? Well, I wanted to know what
that thing might be. So, I pulled my
community, and I was horrified when most
people said their biggest concern about
YouTube was not earning enough to pay
back their time investment. This is the
worst reason for not starting a channel.
So, in this video, I just want to show
you what happened to me when I started
on YouTube so that you can understand
that not only will you get back
everything you put in, you will get a
hundred times more. And then I'm going
to give you three more reasons you need
to start a YouTube channel right now.
All right. So, why is the fear such an
irrational fear that makes no sense?
Well, it's because of this. So, if we go
back to 2019,
I had a video production company and
every month we started from 0 and I had
to make us £22,000 by the end of the
month. And what that meant was I had to
hit the phones all day and I would ring
people and they would ignore me. I would
drive 3 hours across the country to meet
someone who said they were super
interested in buying some videos only to
be told by the receptionist, "Sorry,
Dave's too busy right now. Can you come
back tomorrow?" And this went on for
years. I always had this overriding
stress of how am I going to get paid
this month? And then worse, when I did
get paid, once the tax man's taken his
bit and once you've paid the mortgage
and once you've paid off the car and at
that time I didn't have anything
particularly extravagant, I was
thinking, well, I'm only left with a
couple of,000 and I want to have a life
and I have to save and actually if I
want to buy a bigger house or a nicer
car or have holidays or retire, this
isn't enough. Now, at that time, I just
started watching YouTube videos to try
and learn how to grow my business, how
to do SEO, how to do ads. And I came
across people like Daryl E and Tim
Schmoover, and they were talking about
how to grow YouTube channels and SEO and
all this stuff. And I remember thinking,
"These guys are amazing. They're so
useful. I bet they never have to chase
people for sales." And then I looked
into it and they're making so much
money. And I found this whole niche and
world of people making money online. So,
I decided, right, you need to do what
they're doing in some way, shape, or
form and make YouTube videos. So, I got
out a spreadsheet and calculated if I
could grow a channel 5% a month for 10
years, I can compound that to 500,000
subscribers. And I reckon if I can get
500,000 subscribers, I might be able to
generate a quart of a million pounds,
which was my kind of north star, which I
decided if I can get that, I'll be able
to retire. I'll be able to do nicer
things. I won't feel so trapped. And
this brings us on to our first lesson
here. And it's that not at one point did
I ever look at YouTube or any of this
and go, I'm scared this won't pay me
back for the time I put into it. The
real fear I had was if I don't do this,
what will change? And I see so many
people, they want to start a YouTube
channel and they try it for a few videos
and stop and then they go back to their
life that they're not happy with and
they go back to chasing clients and they
go back to being someone who people
ignore and having to do all these things
that they don't want to do just to
survive. So the first thing you have to
realize is the real risk of not starting
a YouTube channel is being in the same
place in 10 years time. And that is the
thing that scared me more than anything
else. Now, I'd made the call of going,
"Right, I'm gonna go all in on this for
10 years. I have another problem. I've
got to run the business. I got to make
money. And I've got to try and grow a
channel." So, I got up 5:00 a.m. and
worked till 8:00 a.m., then did my job,
then finished and did 6:00 till 10:00 at
night YouTube, which is not sustainable.
But again, I was driven by this fear
that if I don't do this, what's going to
happen to me? And the way I looked at it
was if this really hurts for three years
or even 10, at least I've got 30 years
left or 40 years left where I'm going to
be so comfortable I'll always thank
myself for those 10 miserable years. And
if you look at it in the grand scheme of
your life, 10 years of hard work, it's
not that much of a big deal. So I just
kept hammering it, hammering it,
hammering it. I was posting three videos
a week and I was getting absolutely
nowhere. And after about 18 months, I
thought, "This is dumb. It doesn't
work." But I didn't want to give in
because I still had the looming disaster
of the life I was still living. So I
changed strategy. I took it more
seriously. I put more effort into the
content and it blew up the channel I
used to have called Film Booth. And that
is when everything changed. Now this is
what people don't understand about
business or YouTube. We always assume
the worst. We assume that the pain we're
in right now is going to remain forever
even if we try. But even if you banged
your head against a brick wall for 10
years, eventually your head's going to
go through it, right? So what will
happen to you is through being someone
who can tolerate an immense amount of
frustration, you will get ahead of
everyone else who will eventually quit.
And then what happens is you don't need
much before things start to change. So I
have a video that blows up and then the
next one does well, then the next one
does well, then the biggest channels in
the niche emailing me. Then I've started
to get invited onto podcasts. We So if
we look at the start of year two, I went
from really struggling to the end. I was
pretty much making more as a side hustle
than my entire 10year northstar goal
was. And then after that, what happens
is we go full-time. And this is October
2021. And then the turnover jumps up and
ups and up. And it doubled every year
until we capping out at like 4 million
this year. But keep in mind, I'm still
not at the end of my 10 years. I've got
four years to go and I'm about 50 years
ahead of where I ever thought I would
be. You will massively underestimate
what is possible here. So, you'll get
tons of sponsorship requests. You'll get
people coming to you saying, "Do you
want to help partner in my software with
me?" You'll get invited to do talks.
You'll get invited to do podcasts.
You'll get invited to invest in drink
companies. And then the final reason you
kind of need to start today is today is
the easiest YouTube will ever be ever
again. Tomorrow, it's going to be a
little bit harder. Every day you don't
do this, you are basically shooting
yourself in the foot. And if you're not
very happy and if you don't see much
future potential in your life, that's on
you. And if you need any more
inspiration, so just watch this video
here. It's full of examples of
businesses who have gone from very tough
periods in their life to growing a
channel, growing a business, making
hundreds of thousands of dollars. And
all of them have exactly the same
pattern. They weren't afraid to take
action.